agent-to-agent token exchange (#6220)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/ea-ai-agent-token-exchange/main/agent-to-agent/exchange-token-for-idjag2.md

    --data-urlencode "subject_token_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:access_token" \
    --data-urlencode "requested_token_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:id-jag" \
    --data-urlencode "audience=https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authServerId}" \
    --data-urlencode "scope=chat.read+chat.history" \
    --data-urlencode "client_assertion_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer" \
    --data-urlencode "client_assertion=eyJhbGciOiJSUzI1NiIsInR5...[jwt]"
```

#### Response

The response contains an ID-JAG token (T4) with the expanded delegation chain showing Agent 2 as the immediate actor.

```JSON
{
  "token_type": "Bearer",
  "expires_in": 300,
  "access_token": "eyJraWQiOiJQLVgxeC1ITWtuSThPS0lUeE5TWVlsMHR0blJobUY4Q0xTaUdBenlwemJVIiwiYWxnIjoi…",
  "issued_token_type": "urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:id-jag"
}
```

The ID-JAG contains the following claims:

```JSON
{
  "iss": "https://{yourOktaDomain}",
  "sub": "0oa9jh6hizeR7uMag0g7",
  "aud": "https://{yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/{authServerId}",
  "iat": 1780597035,
  "exp": 1780597335,
  "jti": "IDAAG.FhYRSbhaXljvZIn71hCBN6FKreFgeYgDgm62TkidWqo",

>   "scope": "achat.read+chat.history",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "scope": "chat.read chat.history",
```

  "sub_profile": "service",
  "act": {
    "sub": "wlp9jecfovIcujmca0g7",
    "sub_profile": "ai_agent"
  },
  "delegated_through": [
    {
      "sub": "wlp9jebmx18qWtCeu0g7",
      "sub_profile": "ai_agent"
    }
  ],
  "origin": {
    "sub": "0oa9jh6hizeR7uMag0g7",
    "sub_profile": "service"

>   }

Reviewer: this should also be a nested `act` claim with 3 layers, and not have `delegated _through` or `origin`, see the a2a-identity-chaining.md doc for act claim examples

}
```

| Claim | Actor |
| --- | --- |
| `act.sub` | Agent 2, the immediate actor |
| `delegated_through.sub` | Agent 1 |

> | `origin.sub` | The original service client that initiated the flow |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `act.act.sub` | Agent 1 |
| `act.act.act.sub` | The original service client that initiated the flow |
```
